“I’ve been in this fight since I was six years old. You’re not the only one who lost everything. Some of us just decided to do something about it.” – Cassian Andor
“Be mindful of your thoughts Anakin. They’ll betray you.” — Obi-Wan Kenobi
“You are the Chosen One. You have brought balance to this world. Stay on this path, and you will do it again for the galaxy. But beware your heart.” — The Father
“I am no Jedi.” — Ahsoka Tano
“Hmph! Adventure. Heh! Excitement. Heh! A Jedi craves not these things. You are reckless!” – Yoda
“Chewie, we’re home.” — Han Solo
“I sense great fear in you, Skywalker. You have hate. You have anger. But you don’t use them.” — Count Dooku
“Well, if droids could think, there’d be none of us here, would there?” — Obi-Wan Kenobi
“I think our lives are about to be destroyed anyway. I truly, deeply love you. And before we die, I want you to know.” – Queen Padmé
“Governor Tarkin, I should have expected to find you holding Vader’s leash. I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board.” – Leia Organa
“Remember, my dear Obi-Wan. I’ve loved you always. I always will.” — Duchess Satine Kryze
The Sith took everything from me. Ripped me from my mother’s arms, murdered my brother, used me as a weapon, and then cast me aside. Abandoned me. Once, I had power — now I have nothing.” — Maul
“Someday I will be the most powerful Jedi ever.” — Anakin
“Don’t call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease!” – C-3PO
“You look absolutely beautiful. You truly belong here with us among the clouds.” – Lando
“Into the garbage chute, fly boy!” – Leia Organa
“Then I’ll see you in Hell.” – Han Solo
“I can fix this.” – Poe Dameron
“There is no escape! Don’t make me destroy you. Luke, you do not yet realize your importance. You’ve only begun to discover your power!” – Darth Vader
“What if the democracy we thought we were serving no longer exists, and the Republic has become the very evil we have been fighting to destroy?” — Queen Padmé
“An object cannot make you good or evil. The temptation of power, forbidden knowledge, even the desire to do good can lead some down that path. But only you can change yourself.” — Bendu
“You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them. You were to bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness.” — Obi-Wan
“I assure you, Lord Vader. My men are working as fast as they can.” – Moff Jerjerrod
“I don’t like sand. It’s coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. Not like here. Here everything is soft and smooth.” – Anakin
“You know, no matter how much we fought, I’ve always hated watching you leave.” — Leia Organa
“We seem to be made to suffer. It’s our lot in life.” – C-3PO
“Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger; anger leads to hate; hate leads to suffering. I sense much fear in you.” — Yoda
“I love you.” “I know.” – Leia and Han Solo
“The Force will be with you. Always.” — Obi-Wan Kenobi
“Great, kid. Don’t get cocky.” – Han Solo
“Power! Unlimited power!” — Darth Sidious
“Mind tricks don’t work on me.” – Watto
“I’ve been waiting for you, Obi-Wan. We meet again, at last. The circle is now complete. When I left you, I was but the learner; now I am the master.” — Darth Vader
“The Sith killed each other, victims of their own greed. But from the ashes of their destruction, I was the last survivor. I chose to pass my knowledge on to only one. I created a legacy so resilient that now you come before me.” — Darth Bane
“Oh, my dear friend. How I’ve missed you.” — C-3PO
“Pages turners, they were not.” – Yoda
“There’s always a bigger fish.” — Qui-Gon Jinn
“You were my brother, Anakin. I loved you.” — Obi-Wan Kenobi
“Travelling through hyperspace ain’t like dusting crops boy.” – Han Solo
“But I was going into Tosche Station to pick up some power converters!” – Luke Skywalker
“We must keep our faith in the Republic. The day we stop believing democracy can work is the day we lose it.” — Queen Jamillia
“Judge me by my size, do you?” — Yoda
“He is as clumsy as he is stupid. General, prepare your troops for a surface attack.” – Darth Vader
“To die for one’s people is a great sacrifice. To live for one’s people, an even greater sacrifice. I choose to live for my people.” — Riyo Chuchi
“Aren’t you a little short for a stormtrooper?” – Leia Organa
“Traveling through hyperspace ain’t like dusting crops, farm boy.” — Han Solo
“You probably do not recognize me because of the red arm …” – C-3PO
“I have lived long enough to see the same eyes in different people.” – Maz Kanata
“The Force is strong in my family, my father had it, I have it, my sister has it.” – Luke Skywalker
“Your eyes can deceive you. Don’t trust them.” – Obi-Wan Kenobi
“It’s the ship that made the Kessel run in less than twelve parsecs. I’ve outrun Imperial starships. Not the local bulk cruisers, mind you. I’m talking about the big Corellian ships, now. She’s fast enough for you, old man.” — Han Solo
“When gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be. The Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned.” — Yoda
“Why, you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder!” — Leia Organa
“Save the rebellion. Save the dream.” – Saw Gerrera
“Somebody has to save our skins.” – Leia Organa
“I’m Luke Skywalker and I’m here to rescue you!” – Luke Skywalker
“Every time I walked away from something I wanted to forget, I told myself it was for a cause that I believed in. A cause that was worth it. Without that, we’re lost.” — Cassian Andor
“No. I am your father.” — Darth Vader
“I’m rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears that you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.” — C-3PO
“I love that Wookie!” – Maz Kanata
“Remember, Your focus determines your reality.” — Qui-Gon Jinn
I fear nothing. For all is as the Force wills it.” – Chirrut Imwe
“An elegant weapon for a more civilized age.” – Obi-Wan Kenobi
“No! I don’t think he likes you at all. No, I don’t like you either.” – C-3PO
“Stay on target.” – Gold Five
“Always in motion is the future.”- Yoda
“The ability to speak does not make you intelligent, now get out of here.” – Qui-Gon Jinn
“Would somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way?” – Leia Organa
“Jyn, I’ll be there for you. Cassian said I had to.” — K-2SO
“Use the Force, Luke.” — Obi Wan Kenobi
“What if I told you that the Republic was now under the control of a Dark Lord of the Sith?” — Count Dooku
“In time, the suffering of your people will persuade you to see our point of view.” — Nute Gunray
“Laugh it up, fuzzball!” – Han Solo
“This is a new day, a new beginning.” – Ahsoka Tano
“When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good you will not.” – Yoda
“Who’s scruffy looking?” – Han Solo
“The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.” — Chancellor Palpatine
“Attachment is forbidden. Possession is forbidden. Compassion, which I would define as unconditional love, is essential to a Jedi’s life. So you might say, that we are encouraged to love.” — Anakin
“A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away…” — Title card
“Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You’re my only hope.” – Leia Organa
“It’s not my fault.” – Han Solo
“The garbage’ll do!” — Rey
“I’ll never turn to the dark side. You’ve failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me.” — Luke Skywalker
“May the Force be with you.” – General Dodonna
“I am altering the deal, pray I do not alter it further.” – Darth Vader
“Your weapon… you will not need it.” – Yoda
“Now, young Skywalker, you will die.” — Emperor Palpatine
“Your focus determines your reality.” – Qui-Gon Jinn
“Let the past die. Kill it if you have to.” – Kylo Ren
“Everything you’ve heard about me is true.” – Lando Calrissian
“If we can make it to the ground, we’ll take the next chance. And the next. On and on until we win… or the chances are spent.” – Jyn Erso
“I find your lack of faith disturbing.” — Darth Vader
“What an incredible smell you’ve discovered.” – Han Solo
“I’m one with the Force. The Force is with me.” — Chirrut Îmwe
“Do. Or do not. There is no try.” – Yoda
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this.” – basically everyone
“So who talks first, you talk first, I talk first?” – Poe Dameron
“I’m just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe.” — Jango Fett
“You can’t stop the change, any more than you can stop the suns from setting.” — Shmi Skywalker
“It’s a trap!” – Admiral Ackbar
“So this is how liberty dies…with thunderous applause.” – Padmé Amidala
“I wouldn’t be nice to you. It doesn’t pay much.” – Han Solo
"In my experience there is no such thing as luck.” – Obi-Wan Kenobi